---
layout: post
title: ux design
summary: User-centered design is a really helpful paradigm at times. Time to bust out the sticky notes
featured-img: emile-perron-190221
categories: Design, Theory, Fabrication
driveID-anatome: 1FHsHbRkRPVA9ganmYhuZUxkJi5LNIg2a/preview
---
## Introduction
One of the most valuable courses I took during undergrad was called Art of Making (AoM). It was IDEO fieldguide-inspired course that heavily emphasized to user-centered design. Design thinking is just like any other tool - there are times for it and times not for it. While it isn't always the correct paradigm for a problem, it did teach me the importance of staying engaged client-side throughout all steps of the design process.

From sticky note ideation to ethnographic observation, having this incremental workflow that constantly prompted reevaluation helped me build up creative confidence to picture something in my head and just start trying things. While not quite technically difficult, these projects help show the creative, non-STEM elements of engineering. I took the course freshmen year and can say with confidence that it really shaped my approach to engineering.

# AnatoME - multisensory anatomical learning
This was the capstone project in AoM. We had been learning different prototyping techniques and design approaches, and then given full freedom to identify a problem and come up with a creative solution. Since my group was primarily pre-med and bioengineering, we tackled standard medical school learning pedagogy. Between team dynamic, progression timeline, and project enthusiasm, this was one of the most positive experiences of my time in undergrad!

### Problem Statement
Anatomy is a cornerstone course that every health professions-aspiring student needs to master. However there thousands of parts to learn, which can be extraordinarily challenging. The challenge is compounded by the fact that the primary teaching method is with textbooks, an ill-suited medium for such a physically-rooted subject. Cheap models are tactile, but often lack textbook-level information density and context. Expensive models address the issue, but they are obviously reserved for more advanced study.
The goal of AnatoMe was to bridge this gap between 1-dimensional learning and literal cadavers in a way that would be more inviting and facilitate learning for all with multisensory learning.

more inviting and

### Prototyping

### Ethnography

### Final Design


# Bronchoscopy Trainer - lo-fi simulation tool

### Problem Statement

### Ethnography

### Prototyping

### Solution
